Okay,
guys,
we're coming to the end of the first section Now on.
I just want to quickly cover off one of the options that we missed from the font section of
the home ribbon just up here.
And that's the highlighting option,
Which is this one just here.
Now,
what this does is it highlights the cell in a particular color.
there are a few reasons you can use this tool.
Some people just use it to make things stand out to make the data easier to read.
Personally,
I use it for two particular reasons.
Firstly,
if they have a lot of formulas where people could accidentally over type,
I will highlight the formulas to indicate that these are formulas and you shouldn't type in
these cells.
So at the moment,
I'm just going to do that for all of their formula.
So we can see here We have a formula.
We have formulas down to here,
so I'm just gonna highlight this range.
Now,
I'm also gonna hit control on the highlights.
How other formulas You'll remember that if you hit control when you highlight that will
highlight noncontiguous sets of data.
I'm just gonna hover over this left click the little down arrow and I'm gonna choose.
There's some really stand out.
Of course,
I tend to just use faint ones s.
So let's just say that blue accent and they go Now you can see that all of those cells have
been highlighting a different color to the plain white.
That's their by default.
So this is one of the reasons I would use them to highlight formulas.
So it's an indication to the use that not toe over type those particular cells on the other
reason I would use it is in a form to show that that's where a piece of data needs to be
entered.
You can use them for whatever you want to do.
If you want to remove the highlight in,
just literally select a few cells,
which have ones you want to remove the highlighting from Come back to hear hit.
No Phil and they go.
You can see that you're your for matins.
Be removed.
I'm just going to copy the formatting from here,
using format painter on Pace it over there and there you go.
That's how you highlight to sell